story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2015 gothic romance film called
crimson peak spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
in buffalo new york 1887 carter
cushing's wife has succumbed to black
cholera
leaving him alone to raise their only
daughter edith the young edith always
believed that ghosts were real
but she has never seen one until a few
nights after her mother's death
it was a stormy night and edith had
woken up in her bed
she sat up and looked at the hallway
where a lone dark figure emerged
it was her mother's ghost her black
garbs hanging onto her rotting corpse
edith huddled closer to her bed as the
ghost grabbed her shoulders and in a
horse voice
warned her about crimson peak edith
screamed and got out of bed only to find
the ghost gone
it would be years until she heard that
voice again
14 years later in the year 1901 edith is
now an aspiring writer hoping to get
published
on the way to see her editor she
stumbles upon her childhood friend
dr alan mcmichael and his family mrs
mcmichael boasts about a young baronet
that her daughter
eunice had managed to capture from
england the next day
edith meets the baronet sir thomas sharp
who has come to meet edith's father for
business
later that night as edith is reading in
her bedroom a haunting force wriggles
her doorknob and forces her door open
edith stands terrified to her wits as
she stares down the hallway to look at
the ghost that has emerged
she hurriedly slams the door shut but
the ghost pushes through the wood
grabbing her by the shoulders and again
in a hoarse voice warns her about
crimson peak
one of her maids arrives and helps her
up telling her that sir thomas sharp is
waiting downstairs
thomas invites her to a party and a
reluctant edith agrees
thomas introduces edith to his sister
lady lucille sharp
and then spends the whole night waltzing
with her mr cushing grows suspicious of
the sharp siblings and hires a private
detective
mr holly to dig some dirt on the two
edith soon grows fond of the sharps
particularly thomas in mr cushing's
office
mr holly comes back and hands over a
document telling him that it's bad news
later that night as the cushings hold a
dinner for their social circle
mr cushing invites the sharp siblings to
his private study
he then bribes them to leave and for
thomas to break edith's heart
that same night thomas announces their
departure and breaks up with edith
the next morning mr cushing is found
dead in his bathroom
his head smashed against the bathroom
sink unbeknownst to her father's fate
edith receives a letter from thomas
telling her about her father's bribery
edith then sees thomas who has come back
for her and the two share a deep kiss
several moments later edith learns of
her father's death the burial takes
place and soon after
edith is married to thomas making her
the new lady edith sharp
not long after her father's death edith
moves to allerdale hall in
england with thomas as edith tries to
make herself feel at home
she starts seeing apparitions later that
night she sips the tea they've prepared
and slips into bed
on the other side of the atlantic allen
is overseeing the transfer of the
cushing's assets to england
he learns that the last checkmister
cushing wrote was addressed to the sharp
siblings
this ignites his suspicions and he
begins his own investigation
later that same day edith visits thomas
in his workshop
finding themselves alone they engage in
a passionate kiss until they're
interrupted by lucille who's come to
bring more tea
deep into the night edith is woken up by
a sharp pain in her stomach
as she searches for thomas a sound
guides her into one of the doors
she opens it and finds a small chest of
wax cylinder recordings
as she turns away amon catches her
attention and she turns to the hallway
a rutting corpse has emerged from the
floor moaning
red and bloody its fingers crawling its
way on the floors
edith makes a run for the elevator and
finds herself deep in the basement where
they store the red clay pits
she stumbles upon a trunk with the
initials e and s belonging to someone
named vanola
the next morning thomas tells edith that
they'll never be able to fix the machine
before winter and when the snow comes
that's when she'll learn why the locals
call the place crimson peak
edith's heart stops at the mention of
the last two words
thomas then tells her that it's because
the ore in the red clay leeches up from
the ground and stains the snow
turning it bright red edith can only
stand in silence as she remembers the
warning from years ago
later that night edith dreams of a
rotting corpse in the middle of the
field before she wakes up in a bloody
coughing fit
she calls out to the ghost in her dreams
to give her a signal
an unseen force pushes her down to the
floor and a scream comes out from her
bathroom
edith slowly makes her way towards the
sounds and opens the doors to find a
woman drenched in her own blood
a butcher's knife dug deep into her head
the woman stands up and moans at her
following everywhere she goes edith
screams and thomas and lucille find her
on the stairs
with tears in her eyes edith shares her
terrifying encounter
while lucille is dismissive thomas
insists that she only needs a bit of
fresh air
thomas takes edith to the depot the next
morning edith received some letters from
her lawyer and one letter from milan
italy meanwhile in new york allen meets
up with mr hawley
who gives him the same document he gave
to eat its father the document is a
civil document
revealing that thomas is already married
to pamela upton
back in england thomas and edith are
snowed in and are forced to stay in one
of the rooms of the depot
this is the first time they've truly
been alone since their marriage and they
finally make love
the next day at allerdale hall lucille
is angry at edith for spending the night
outside with thomas
as lucille goes away to make tea edith
steals one of the keys and makes her way
to the basement
she opens up the trunk and finds three
envelopes with names on them
anola society from milan margaret
mcdermott from edinburgh
and pamela upton from london meanwhile
lucille realizes that one of her keys is
missing
she rushes to eat its room and finds her
resting
she places her keys on the table and
leaves to get edith a glass of water
when she comes back her keys are
complete once again
edith now knows their dark secret later
that night edith continues her
investigation and listens to the
cylinder recordings on a gramophone
the voice belongs to pamela upton
revealed to be one of thomas's previous
wives
as edith listens to the recordings she
learns through letters and pictures that
thomas has been married three times
the latest one being a nola society an
heiress from milan and the previous
owner of the dog
they killed each woman for their money
and slowly poisoned them with the tea
horrified
edith runs to the main doors only to
find that the entire manor is snowed in
desperate for help she collapses on the
cold stairs
unbeknownst to the sharps allen has
landed in england and is now on his way
to allerdale hall
late into the night edith is coughing up
clumps of blood
she makes her way to the grand hall and
sees a lonesome figure floating in the
air and carrying a baby
the figure points its fingers up to the
attic edith follows the ghost direction
and finds herself outside lucille's
bedroom
as she hears the moans coming from
inside her heart prepares for the worst
she opens the door and stands petrified
of the site before her
edith has caught thomas making love to
his own sister lucille
as he did every night since the day of
their marriage edith runs out but is
confronted by lucille near the edge of
the stairway
she then pushes edith off the edge and
she lands on the main floor of the manor
below
when edith wakes up she finds alan
tending to her broken foot
allen tells her that he knows what's
going on and he's going to take her away
as they make a run for it they are
stopped by the sharps
lucille then stabs allen allen stumbles
to the front door before lucille hands
thomas the knife
thomas is torn between his love for
edith and for his sister but deep in his
heart
he knows he wants edith to live he then
gives allen a non-fatal stab wound and
hides him away from his sister
lucille drags edith to her room forcing
her to sign the final papers
edith soon learns that the baby was
actually lucille's a product of her
years-long incestuous relationship with
thomas
lucille also admits to her that she was
the one who killed their mother after
she found out about their relationship
edith grips her pen as she listens to
the deranged monologue
as lucille turns around to mock her
edith stabs the pen on to lucille's
chest
lucille stumbles to the ground the blood
oozing from her chest as edith makes her
way to escape
thomas finally catches up to her sister
and burns the papers that edith signed
horrified lucille realizes that his
brother has fallen in love with edith
she accuses him of betrayal and in her
moment of hurt she stabs him in the
chest multiple times and then finally on
his face
thomas slips down to the floor blood
escaping his body
as he slowly succumbs to death lucille
holds him in her arms
hugging him as he draws his last breaths
as edith calls out for thomas
she is faced with an enraged lucille
ready to draw blood
she escapes through the elevator but
lucille catches up to her
in the kitchen a struggle ensues edith
is trapped in the elevator and slices
the knife on lucille's hand
but she wouldn't budge she then slams
the elevator gate to the side
forcing her to drop her knife lucille
manages to cut edith's face as the
elevator sinks down to the mines
in the basement edith finds alan
bleeding but alive
she hides him away and faces lucille's
wrath alone
lucille taunts her with the same
butcher's knife that she used on their
mother
edith runs towards the digging machine
and climbs it she finds herself on the
snowy estate grounds
now a deep crimson red from the oars
lucille soon catches up to her and with
a bleeding hand
takes the knife away from edith edith
stumbles to the ground but manages to
catch herself
and pull a shovel from the snow she
cries out for help
but lucille tells her that there's no
one to help her now edith tells her to
turn around and look at him
lucille slowly turns around to see the
bleeding ghost of her brother
thomas as she looks back edith slams her
with the shovel and she falls to the
ground
lucille reaches for the butcher's knife
and makes her way to edith but before
she could finish her sentence
edith lands one last final blow to her
head edith tosses the shovel away and
walks towards the ghost of her supposed
husband
thomas can only look at her with love
and deep regret before he disappears
together with the snowy air
edith saves allen from the basement and
together they walk away from the estate
and towards the workers who are now
appearing at the horizon
back at the manor a lonesome figure sits
by the piano
lucille has now become the black lady of
alladale hall forever confined within
its rotting and sinking walls
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching